- all over black prime.

Glaze medium 5+ drops				- Yes. It sounds crazy but they start off looking "brown/gold"
Scale 75 decayed metal (good amount+)
Liquitex Burnt umber ink 2 drops
Liquitex Carbon black ink 1 drop
flow improver 3-4 drops

glaze - 12 drops
Scale 75 Heavy black metal (good amount+)
4 drops of Liquitex Turq Deep Blue ink
4 flow improver drops
abit more medium,
abit more black metal

sponge S75 thrash metal and S75 black metal 2:1 mix roughly on all the surfaces

blue airbrush tint =

7 glaze
50:50 squirt of heavy metal and speed metal
4 drops of blue ink
3 drops of thinner
2 drops of glow imprevoer
50:50 squirt of heavy metal and speed metal
2 more glaze
5 more thinner

airbrush snakebite from below / enforcing shadows / shapes
lightly airbrush black templar to really punch some darker spots

airbrush speed metal from above for a final mirror finish

tamiya panel liner pin wash, heavy and use finger to remove from shiny areas.

Can reinforce blue shadows with Drakenhof Nightshade and Druchii Violet glazes in darker spots

Any over shading or edge highlighting required. Apply Speed Metal and/or Vallejo Alumino lightly by hand. If you want a metal blade or trinket to stand out from another metal (armour) use a very tiny amount of Moltow Liquid Chrome.



gold =

necron gold highlight everything (main gold)
apply druchii violet 50:50 with agrax and shade those parts
Lightly dry brush Necron Gold
peridot alchemy highlights on top (mix of drybrushing and by hand)

AT THIS POINT I WOULD LIKE TO TRY USING VILLIAN INKS - possible dragons gold dot highlights afterwards



loose paint plan order.

- Red next (psycannons, books, capes, wax seals
- Black the weapon casings and rubber joins
- White all the seals - skeleton horde
- White eyes - Liquitex blue - blue-green - arcane blue - white dot
- Complete every power weapon

- Highlight all the silver (can lightly hit edges with a mirror silver like Molotow liquid chrome or Alumino) - not advisable unless went to heavy on weathering / shading. Can drybrush this or edgehighlight it all.



test schemes =

airbrush white ink for power weapons (top and bottom) - leaving some black/darker spots on the blade to save time.
airbrush contrast aethermatic blue mix with one drop of turq ink (for strength and colour)
VERY LIGHTLY Drybrush alumino silver on the weapons and power swords

This is a quick method that looks really good.

The long method =

airbrush white ink for power weapons (top and bottom) - leaving some black/darker spots on the blade to save time.
airbrush contrast aethermatic blue mix with one drop of turq ink (for strength and colour)
Apply P3 Arcane blue and Vallejo Blue-Green on the brighter parts of the blade adding white progressively
Glaze Colia Greenshade for the dark spots
Glaze Aethermatic blue for the entire blade
Repeat going back and forth with watery mixes of ethier paint or glazes/washes - waiting for them to dry each time.
Edge Highlight with White or Silver


- All the other colours refer to my HOW-TO.txt

- Everything below this point were notes.


all the red = ak carmine, evil sunz, wild rider, ak  deep orange edge highlights

block all the seals etc with rakaflesh then add abit of white and sketch on a highlight without much thought

gold is just necron gold with peridot drybrush (use an oil or agrax to lower it before drybrush?)

drybrush alumino silver on the weapons and power swords
then use goons grime on the golds and seals, skulls etc

bit of the black mixed in on the weapons etc

bit of the new colia in places and the crimson wash on the red seals etc

drench the base in goons grime

wait for it all to dry.

bases = french mirage dry brush + goon grimes 

once all dry -

(then add some pigiments? / more villian inks)

splash on some ab502 industry dirt around the place
then some ash around the place

then with all the villian inks out.

dab on coelia, carrion, sector & dystopian - unify any places with goons (main)

make sure got some color pop in places and finishes (gloss / matte etc) use varnishs and pigiments to do that.