BUILD PALADINS WITH CURVED HELMETS - DO NOT ATTACH ANY HELMETS (SO I CAN PAINT THEM WHITE)
-
BUILD TERMINATORS WITH SQUARE HELMETS

DRILL BULLET HOLES & SCRATCH / DRILL BULLET DAMAGE ON LARGE SURFACES


Silver

Airbrush  	-	Prime Everything Black (I used Moltow Black)
Airbrush	-	Vallejo Acrylic Metal Colour Airbrush Colours, Steel
Airbrush	-	Vallejo Acrylic Metal Colour Airbrush Colours, Silver (highlight)
Airbrush	-	Lightly airbrush Drakenhof Nightshade from below
Airbrush	-	Lightly airbrush Contrast Aethermatic Blue from above
Airbrush	-	Lightly airbrush Contrast Magos Purple from below (Feet to Waist)
Airbrush	-	Vallejo Acrylic Metal Colour Airbrush Colours Aluminio from above (stark final highlight)
Brush		-	Nuln Oil in gaps and spaces or anything to bright.
Brush		-	Tamiya Panel Line Accent Colour (Black) all the detail for it to pop (panel lining) and/or Apply Black Oil Paint (Winsor or Abteilung 502)
Makeup Sponge	-	Use Makeup sponges soaked with alittle White Spirit to remove any, all Panel Liner and/or Oil paint Spills (This will tidy everything up)
Airbrush	-	Reapply any of the above inks and/or Coelia Greenshade to create more atmosphere.
Brush		-	Dot Highlight Model Metallic Vallejo Aluminio 71.062 (Final Highlight no.1)
Brush		-	Extreme Highlight dots Moltow Liquid Chrome, use very sparingly. (Final Highlight no.2)
Airbrush	-	AK Interactive Satin Varnish from Above
Airbrush	-	AK Interactive Ultra Matte Varnish from Below


Gold

Brush		-	Mix Scale75 Decayed Metal & Vallejo Acrylic Metal Colour Airbrush Colours, Steel 50:50 and apply to all the gold areas.
Brush		-	Mix Scale75 Necron Gold (Main Gold Colour) 50:50 with Water and Apply lightly to all the gold areas.
Brush		-	Apply Reikland Fleshshade to the Gold. 
Brush		-	(Optional*) Apply Necron Gold & Vallejo Acrylic Metal Colour Airbrush Colours, Silver mix 50:50 as a final highlight. 
Brush		-	Dot Highlight Model ysing Retributor Armour also if you want more "gold".

Red / Pink

Brush		-	Evil Sun Scarlet any red - Use Coelia Greenshade and Nuln Oil 50:50 to shade, reapply Evil Sun Scarlet, Mix Green Stuff World Fluor Red & Evil Sun Scarlet. Progressively Highly with Brighter and Brighter mix (adding Trollsalyer Orange/white).
Brush		-	Screamer pink Wax, Handles etc - Add alittle Game Color Deadwhite white and Water. Progressively Highlight with brighter and brighter mix (adding more white).
Brush		-	Brush AK Interactive Ultra Matte Varnish to unify the paint and remove the ink sheen.

Black / Rubber / Weapons

Brush		-	Contrast Black Legion for weapons, Tamiya Panel Line Accent Colour (Black), 
Brush		-	Rubber Gaps in armour = Contrast Black Templar, Tamiya Panel Line Accent Colour (Black)
Makeup Sponge	-	Use Makeup sponges soaked with alittle White Spirit to remove any, all Panel Liner and/or Oil paint Spills (This will tidy everything up)
Brush		-	Brush AK Interactive Ultra Matte Varnish to unify the paint and remove the ink sheen. (Important to remove the Panel Liner Aggresive Shine)
Brush		-	(Optional*) Highlight with Model Color Neutral Grey + White mixes

Glowing Eyes

Brush		-	Base Coat Game Color Dead White on the eyes
Brush		-	Apply Liquitex Turquoise Deep like a shade into the eyes
Brush		-	P3 Arcane Blue and/or Vallejo Azul Verde 70.808 BLUE GREEN, line in the eye
Brush		-	Deadwhite dot in the corner of each eye for reflection

Parchment

Brush		-	x88 by Gamesworkshop as base, Morghast Bone highlight, Contrast Skeleton Horde, dot alittle Agrax, Apply Morghast bone highlight, add white to Morghast bone mixes.

Leather

Brush		-	Rhinox Hide, Steel Legion Drab + Rhinox Hide 50:50, Add white to the mix and highlight further, Contrast Snakebite and/or Agrax, Redo Steel Legion Drab mix

White		

Anything White I usually have unassembled if possible. Such as Paladin Helmets.

Airbrush	-	Black Prime
Airbrush	-	Liquitex White
Airbrush	-	Coelia Greenshade from Below
Brush		-	Contrast Apothcary White all over
Brush		-	Highlight raised surfaces with Deadwhite
Brush		-	Add chips with Rhinox hide and Highlight with Deadwhite

Anything needing White on the model.

Brush		-	Neutral Grey, Ulthuan Grey, Deadwhite, Use some Contrast Apothcary to bring out details if required. Then use Deadwhite Highlight.


Power Weapons

Airbrush	-	Black Prime
Airbrush	-	Liquitex Titanium White Ink
Airbrush	-	Liquitex Turquoise Deep at the lower and middling parts of the weapons
Airbrush	-	P3 Arcane blue (mix with water to run through Airbrush)
Airbrush	-	Liquitex Titanium White for heat spot at the edges

Glaze		-	Use Contrast Aethermatic Blue with water to unify the blades and then reapply white heatspots or then manually begin glazing parts of surface with the above colours watered down heavily.
Brush		-	Brush AK Interactive Ultra Matte Varnish to unify the paint and remove the ink sheen.


Bases

1.) Cheap Super Glue Cork to the base (dry fit your models. Imagine the Cork as their foot platforms)
2.) Apply AK Interactive Texture paint (Doesn't matter which one. I used Concrete) - Run this up the side of the cork to hide that texture.
- Wait 24hours
3.) Cheap Super Glue drench Grim Dark Base Ready from Geek Gaming in spots (50-75% of the surface area)
- Wait 24hours
4.) Apply Aggrelan Earth Tech paint on 25-50% of the surface areas (crackle paint)
- Wait 24hours

Airbrush	-	Prime the entire base black

The next stage will look very messy, bright / nothing like the end result.

Brush on the following paints (wet) and/or use an Airbrush. I found it was faster with a brush (wet blending) - Basically doing this sequence quickly will mean the colours mix alittle.

Apply -

Heavy Violet (Just dab it around)
Xereus Purple (Just dab it around)
Liquitex Titanium White (very small amounts)
Liquitex Magenta (Main colour) - Get messy, looks very bad at this stage
Liquitex Flou Pink (very small amounts) - Get messy, looks very bad at this stage

The end result should look like a real purple, wet mess all over.

Wash with Tamiya Panel Line Accent Colour or Black Oil Paint, Sponge the highest areas to reveal the purple.
Drybrush Black if you would like. Should still look really bad at this point.

Now use a Black Pigiment Powder (I use AK) and cover the base heavily. This should remove 90% of the colour from the base.

You can add alittle Magenta ink into cracks on the surfaces to add alittle colour back in if you want it.

Seal the Entire base with Ak Ultramatte Varnish (important)
- Wait 24hours

Glue Model In-place

Now the base is basically black and completely muted, lost its dust and looks dull.

Use the same black Pigment powder but VERY small amounts to get that dust effect back and to run it up the feet of the Knights. Work it in hard with a brush to make sure it doesn't shed

At this stage you can apply tiny, tiny dots of Liquitex Magenta in places if you like.

The last optic trick is to use AK water Effects. Pour alittle in a dish. Use a paper Clip or Tooth pick and just scratch on some Ak Water Effect gel in places. This give you Gloss highlight spots to break up the dust, chaos warp.

Lastly use Model Colour Negro Black 70.950 (best black black) to base rim and then brush on AK ultra Matte Varnish when it is dry.







 